Hello everyone! Big announcement today, so please take the time to read carefully so that you are informed. 	As of this post, we are now putting into full effect our member mandates concerning our training and promotion process. Our first rank upon members joining, that of the “intern”, was always meant to be a brief transitionary period whereupon a new member would go through either some simple gameplay tutorials or undergo verification of basic skills to then pick a subsidiary and be promoted to “employee” status.	However, we haven’t really pushed that until now. Thus, from today we are giving current interns the period of 1 month to attend a training session to either complete our ‘tutorials’ or get verified in your basic gameplay skills to rank up to ‘employee’ by joining one of our two subsidiaries; those that do not complete this within that time will be relegated to the “freelancer” status. 



	Alongside all of this, we are also fully instituting our new certification system where all participants of official, structured activities (in other words, our “big” events) will need to have the required certifications in order to attend. This is not made in an attempt to gatekeep activities arbitrarily, but rather to ensure that participants have at least a basic understanding of what they’re doing so as to respect the time of others as well as helping contribute to a more successful operation. Our standard weekly events do not require these certifications, so rest assured for those that just wish to attend those or group up for unscheduled hangouts!



	Coinciding with this announcement is also the publishing of our very own website! This website is going to become integral into what we do and exist primarily as a compendium of information for org members, like all of our new training and certifications we are putting out. We’re starting out relatively basic in terms of its functionality, but we hope over time to improve it to accommodate the evolving needs of the org. In addition to signing up for this website, we’re also now requiring members to sign up for a partner website called “Citizen Commander” that lets us view member info concerning what ships they have as well as facilitating events and inter-org operations. (((this of course may not happen in time, so we’ll just delete this part if that’s the case)))



	I know this is likely a lot to take in, but we feel this is an important step for the org in becoming more structured as we attempt to bolster our recruiting efforts in anticipation of Star Citizen becoming more and more of a polished experience in the coming years with org tools and base building on the horizon. We’re still a small org by most metrics, but we hope to increase activity and our numbers to allow everyone to have a consistent number of people to hang out with and ultimately obtain what our whole intention is to give: to have fun with others!



	Anyways, if at any point you are confused as to what to do next, feel free to respond here. For Prospective Hires still wondering if they want to join, please feel free to also respond to show interest in taking that next step, we’d love to add you to the AydoCorp family! Just to end off, I wanted to give my thanks to everyone here that has stayed with us for the long-term; it’s been a rough past year for Star Citizen, and as a result for the org as well, so I wouldn’t have blamed anyone for leaving us. So truly, thank you all for sticking with us despite it all! I know we still have room to improve, but I and the rest of the board of executives hope to continue evolving the org to suit the needs of everyone here to the best of our abilities. Here’s to another year of AydoCorp and beyond! O7











Hello everyone, we have an important update regarding member mandates and certs, so please give a read! Effective immediately, we are fully implementing our training and promotion process. Current "interns" have one month to complete tutorials of basic skills and/or go through an evaluation on said skills to be promoted to "employee" within one of our subsidiaries. Failure to do so will result in a "freelancer" status. 



Additionally, our new certification system is now in effect for all official, structured events ("big" events). Certifications ensure a basic understanding of specific skills, promoting efficiency and respect for everyone's time. Standard weekly hangouts do not require certs, so unless an event is marked as an “operation” or “official” then you don’t have anything to worry about. 



Furthermore, all members are now required to register on our partner site, "Citizen Commander," which helps us manage member ship information and facilitate events. 



We understand this may be a bit of an info-dump, but these steps are important for the org’s plans moving forward. Ultimately we’re hoping to increase activity and membership, providing more opportunities for everyone to connect and have fun, so we hope to see everyone engaging with these established procedures. If you have any questions about anything, please respond here; also, prospective members interested in joining are also welcome to reach out as long as you’ve at least reached your two weeks! 



Just to end off, I wanted to give my thanks to everyone here that has stayed with us for the long-term; it’s been a rough past year for Star Citizen, and as a result for the org as well, so I wouldn’t have blamed anyone for leaving us. So truly, thank you all for sticking with us despite it all! I know we still have room to improve, but I and the rest of the board of executives hope to continue evolving the org to suit the needs of everyone here to the best of our abilities. Here’s to another year of AydoCorp and beyond!

