If we’re going to start becoming the org that we’ve always intended it to be, we’re going to have to try to get communications happening between other orgs. We do technically have a decent number of “friends” to the org, but a lot of them are dead orgs or near dead, and pretty much all of them we haven’t had any contact with for a looooong time. So, new contacts are going to be needed while also attempting to get back in touch with ones we have had dealings with before.

The whole point of the above is so that we can start offering logistical services to other orgs. That’s essentially been my own dream when starting things, but the gameplay really just hasn’t been there since there has really never been much of a need or desire by people to do things with other orgs and keep things ‘in-house’. As SC is starting to deliver more and more features, I think now is the time to start more seriously thinking about how we want things to be so that we are ready and not scrambling to get by.

In terms of services to offer, well…that’s the tricky part. Most services we could ever think of would probably be declined by bigger orgs that have a lot of active manpower…it’s going to be hard to convince them otherwise. As for the actual specifics, I suppose I can think of a few obvious ones that could be done with current gameplay:

Hauling

Mining: Want to mine but don’t want to deal with unloading/loading your hopper bags? Let us take care of that for you! [[ can’t do this until potentially next update as we need freight elevators to work with mining bags, and for empty bags to actually be able to be used for mining ships ]]

Salvage: Want to salvage but hate having to go back and forth to a landing zone as well as dealing with all that pesky unloading? Let us take care of that for you!

Commodities: Want to buy and sell but are tired of having to manually load and unload your cargo yourself? Let us do that for you [faster than the automated loading/unloading]!

Transport

Personnel: Need your personnel gathered to various locations quickly? Let us take care of that for you!

Vehicle: Need some vehicles and/or equipment transported but don’t have the capability to do so? Allow us to take care of that for you!

Sourcing

Marketplace: Our team of dedicated sourcing agents are awaiting your shipment request!

Training: Basically, would try to ‘sell’ the idea of getting the members of other orgs more acquainted with basic and niche gameplay mechanics.

Standard new player stuff

Mining

Salvaging

Trading/commodities

Combat stuff (sub-contract out to Rogue Squadron)

Financial

Loans (likely not since it’d be hard to trust people): Would require a lot of trust, new borrowers likely would have to be limited to smaller sums of credits to start out on and improve a sort of “credit score”. Would probably be interest-free up to a certain amount; late payments would occur extra fees and/or severance of business (in the future could involve seizing of assets to make up for lost funds).

Bank (likely never since no one would ever trust us with that): Would require us to present with extreme trustworthiness; would have to have people be quite active to respond to withdrawal/deposit requests and go in-game for that. Incentive for placing credits in the ‘bank’ would be accruing interest. Maybe the loans could be tied to this, having money in the funds for a certain amount of time could render one eligible for the loans………..not sure, both the loan and bank idea is probably not ever going to be a thing (with the bank being the least likely of the two).

