Congratulations on becoming an intern and a full member of AydoCorp, we're happy to have you here! Please take the time to read the following for your next steps:



 The intern position is meant to be short-term on your way to becoming an employee; what’s the difference between one and an intern? To put it simply, an employee is a member who has passed basic gameplay evaluations and joined one of our two subsidiaries (think of them like ‘divisions’ in other orgs), AydoExpress and Empyrion Industries. Thus, that’s going to be your main goal as a new member, which we’d ideally like you to do so with the first two weeks of being a member. That being said, real life comes first, so we completely understand if it takes longer for you to do so.



 Think of these evaluations more like a tutorial - if you’re a relatively new player, we’ll essentially be going over all the basics to help you succeed in the game and have a strong footing. If you’re already seasoned and don’t really need this training, then we’ll simply do a brief check that you do indeed know what you’re doing and then fast-track you to employee status. In order to get these tutorials/evaluations done, just check our events tab at the top left, we have sessions going on a twice a month basis; if it’s impossible for you to make those times, let someone in leadership know in the #interview-chat channel and we’ll try our best to accommodate you.



 If you want to put your best foot forward, please read through our org lore and subsidiary info; the latter is especially useful as you’ll need that knowledge to make your decision of which one to join. Notwithstanding, we do not and will never have time commitments required of members, so once you’re an employee you can be rest assured knowing your spot in the org remains secure. Like stated before, real life comes first! We’re not a hardcore org, and we’ve tried our best to thread the line between casual play and structured play to give the best of both worlds; never feel like you are pressured to do anything!



To-do:



Read up on org, rank, and subsidiary info

We’d prefer you to be prepared within two weeks of joining, but if for some reason that’s not possible we’re usually fine if it’s at least within a month or two. If we don’t see much activity from you within that period then we’ll just assume you don’t want to move forward and relegate you to the “freelancer” position.

Attend a training/evaluation session, OR, reach out to someone in leadership to schedule a time to get things taken care of.

Schedule an interview in the #interview-chat channel to arrange a time for someone in leadership to confirm what subsidiary you want to be in and if you’re all set for promotion; we’ll try to have these interviews done at the end of your training session, but depending on time constraints that may not always be possible.

Get promoted!

Subsidiary Info:



The subsidiaries at AydoCorp are subsets of the org designed to cater to a specific kind of gameplay loop/career. Currently there are two, with future subsidiaries planned to accommodate later growth. Our goal with subsidiaries is to always keep the feeling of having a tight-knit community even as the organization gets bigger; being a part of a subsidiary means you get to focus on the gameplay that you enjoy most while having value within a smaller group of members, all while still having the support of AydoCorp at large. While as an intern you will have the time to figure out where you would like to be placed.



Joining a subsidiary does NOT mean that you can’t participate with members of the others, nor does it mean that you cannot engage in other gameplay loops. Being an employee of a subsidiary means you are a part of their “family”, and you have the ability to train and rank up with them as you progress in the organization; but, if other subsidiaries have events themed around the gameplay loop they center around, any members from the other two can join in. The main incentive to being part of a specific subsidiary is being part of the culture they provide, as well as having priority consideration for filling roles in an operation - this means that, for example, if AydoExpress conducted a hauling activity then the pilot and cargo-handlers would be first filled by AydoExpress members; if at that time there are any open slots available, they will be able to be filled by those outside of the subsidiary. Future rewards and incentives will also be subsidiary-specific and be tied to ranking up within them.



Members of a subsidiary are more likely to engage in the niche they’re centered around, and thus you are surrounded by members that are like-minded and generally enjoy the same things you do. While we have a light amount of general organizational ranks, you can also earn your way through the ranks of subsidiaries as well! To do so, you will be able to participate in training and certification sessions to become more knowledgeable in a specific gameplay specialization, as well as engage in routine subsidiary events that engage in specific gameplay of their niche. The benefit of moving through the ranks is that members will receive increasing amounts of rewards (credits, items, vehicles, etc.), which will be more than what one could get for participating if they stayed as an intern or freelancer. Employees will eventually make significantly more than interns, so if you’d like to be better rewarded for your participation with the organization then that could be a good incentive to join a subsidiary. As the game progresses, there will be more benefits added to being an employee, as well as different perks for each rank; currently the game does not support as many options as we would like, but keep in mind that seniority within a subsidiary can also open the way for leadership opportunities as well!



Something worth mentioning is that becoming an employee in a subsidiary doesn’t mean that you suddenly have more responsibilities. Real life ALWAYS comes first, and there are no activity requirements. Once you’ve crossed that threshold, it is up to you to determine how active or inactive you’d like to be at any given time. Playing Star Citizen is playing the long game, this alpha still has a long way to go before we get to release, so in the meantime we understand if you have to take breaks from the game and/or the organization to remain sane as well as juggling your personal life and other hobbies. The whole purpose of joining a subsidiary is to have access to structured gameplay that gives progression and a sense of community; working together with a team to accomplish objectives can oftentimes be much more rewarding then many things one can do as a lone individual and/or in a casual gameplay session with no real goal. As the game gets nearer to release, the expertise you gain will make you indispensable to the organization and allow for us all to share in the benefits of each other’s skills. Eventually too, the game will get more and more complex over time, therefore being part of a team that you can trust and rely on to help each other out will be ever more a necessity, so, why not get started now building the foundations of a gameplay career with a positive, helpful community of like-minded people!



Subsidiary descriptions:



The bread and butter of the organization, AydoExpress deals with cargo hauling and personnel transport. Gameplay offered are things like trading, deliveries, transport, and really just hauling anything in general that the organization needs. As the game gets more complex, this gameplay will become more and more important, with it also being more engaging and purposeful. To keep the organization working smoothly we will need the help of everyone in AydoExpress, without them there would be no movement of people and resources and operations would be at a halt. Another thing to keep in consideration is that this subsidiary is meant to be the face of the organization as it conducts the lion’s share of external services to other organizations and individual players, whereas the others are almost purely internal services. This does not make the other subsidiaries any less important, as none of the subsidiaries could survive without each other; however, if you enjoy such logistical gameplay and/or like working behind-the-scenes and knowing that what you do ensures that the organization can keep functioning, then please consider AydoExpress! If you’d like to know more, please contact the current interim director, @UdonMan, for more information!



Keeping the coffers full, Empyrion Industries deals with industrial gameplay to sustain the organization with resources and a great deal of profits. Gameplay offered are things like mining and salvaging operations, as well as refueling and towing. The operations that this subsidiary carries out are meant to help drive the greatest amount of income for the organization, in addition to providing the resources for the rest of the subsidiaries to take advantage of. When things like refining, full manual repair, engineering, construction, and more come to the game there will be many more endeavors to be a part of with this subsidiary. If you’d like to know more, please contact the current interim director, @UdonMan, for more information!





General org ranks:



      0. Prospective Hire: Someone potentially interested in joining. Required to be around for at least two weeks before becoming an actual member, but this period can be longer in case one needs more time to make the decision. There are no requirements other than a good temperament and being 18+ years of age to join!

Intern: The first real rank, an intern signifies becoming a fully-fledged member of AydoCorp. As this is a transitional rank, we encourage interns to move up to the next rank within two weeks of joining or at least as soon as they are able.

Freelancer: Someone who has freelancer status is one that’s been an intern for more than a month or so but hasn’t yet made the proper steps to become an employee. We encourage members to not hold this rank, but we understand that IRL circumstances may make that difficult. Org leadership will move interns to this rank at their discretion if it’s been viewed that one has been an intern for an overly long period. 

Employee: Becoming an employee means proving that one knows the basics of how to play the game and thus know how to handle oneself in addition to becoming a member of a subsidiary.

Senior Employee: This rank is for employees who have attained the 4th rank in any given subsidiary, and/or have been employees for more than 2 years (whichever comes first). These employees have shown themselves both competent in their chosen area of gameplay, as well as showing a great amount of activity and/or seniority within the organization. Those at this stage are seasoned members and trusted with more responsibilities during operations.

Supervisor: Being the last ‘standard’ rank, this is a fusion between normal membership and leadership. To get this promotion, a Senior Employee must achieve the 5th rank in a subsidiary. Supervisors are given the ability to lead small groups of members during operations; this authority does not carry over outside of operations unless otherwise specified. A member achieving this promotion does not need to open themselves up to be a leader if they do not wish to, but they are always given the option if they decide later on that they would like to be more active and involved in things.

Manager: The first ‘true’ leadership rank, managers are members that show more commitment than on average as a baseline for even being considered. Managers support subsidiary directors in running things, which can include being given a specific role to play or at the very least help share the burden of leadership in a more general capacity. This position requires one to achieve the 7th rank in a subsidiary. In addition, a manager needs to have been a member for a minimum of six months before being able to be considered. Those of this rank hold minimal moderation capabilities on the server, but regardless are representatives of leadership and as such should be listened to.

Director: One of the most pivotal positions in the organization, directors are directly appointed and approved by the board to run subsidiaries and a small number of alternative roles. Ranks of supervisor and up are allowed to apply for a directorship, but being a manager is preferred with a minimum of 6 months previous membership required to even be considered. Directors are the go-to for all subsidiary-related concerns, and they are the ones that members will be interacting with the most for activities and events. Those of this rank also hold higher levels of moderation abilities than managers. This is a very active role and shouldn’t be undertaken lightly!

Board Member: This is not a rank in which anyone can earn through normal means; as the highest position in the org, board members hold full admin privileges and hold immense responsibility to AydoCorp. The CEO has the wherewithal to appoint a member for consideration, with a unanimous vote being needed by the rest of board members for acceptance. Board members are directly involved in the inner workings of the organization and commit a great deal of time and energy in how things are run. This position requires a lot of personal time spent in crafting the organization to its fullest potential and should not be entered into lightly. A prospective board member needs to have a long-term vision for their future not just within Star Citizen, but the organization as well. It is a long-term commitment, and thus should be entered into with a sense of it being an investment into their future Star Citizen gaming experience.











Org lore:



Based in the Ellis system on the planet Green, the Aydo Intergalactic Corporation (more commonly referred to as “AydoCorp”) is an amalgamation of not only several companies within the system but also containing subsidiaries in a multitude of other systems. Aptly named due to its headquarters located in the city of Aydo, the corporation had its humble beginnings as a small one-man delivery company run by none other than the current, esteemed CEO Christoff Revan. Over the years the company would grow and expand, what was once known as “Aydo City Delivery” eventually became “Aydo Amalgamated Industries” after a merger with Seahorse Fisheries, which was based out of Neo Taurii on Kampos. After acquiring multiple subsidiaries and having greater expansions, the company would transform into the corporation we now know as “AydoCorp”, serving many clients throughout human and even alien space.



The corporation as a whole provides shipping and resource consolidation services to its clients, and while the largest clients exist within the Sol-Terra trading sectors, AydoCorp also carries out business within Xi’an and Banu systems and anywhere in-between. Daily operations carried out by the organization include regular shipments of cargo transported on behalf of companies that either do not have the time or resources to do so, or simply wish to have expanded services by contracting out to the corporation. The safe transportation of goods is ensured by AIC’s main security contractor, Rogue Squadron, with onboard security being a baseline requirement on all large shipments, with particularly valuable commodities being escorted by top-of-the-line fighter craft.



Though shipping is one of the main focuses of the corporation, it certainly is not the only operation it carries out. Another main function that is contracted out to AIC is resource consolidation, which simply refers to other companies delegating the supervision of some or even all their operations over to the corporation so that they have better cohesion and efficiency. In addition, AIC also retains a modest but superb transportation division that caters to the safe and speedy transport of all AIC staff as well as the employees of its clients. Private charters are also available upon request, with transportation also being provided to unaffiliated civilians on cargo vessels on a first-come-first-served basis. AIC’s various subsidiaries provide a wide-range of other services, please refer to our brochure for more information on them.

