Organization Lore:

Based in the Ellis system on the planet Green, the Aydo Intergalactic Corporation (more commonly referred to as “AydoCorp”) is an amalgamation of not only several companies within the system but also containing subsidiaries in a multitude of other systems. Aptly named due to its headquarters located in the city of Aydo, the corporation had its humble beginnings as a small one-man delivery company run by none other than the current, esteemed CEO Christoff Revan. Over the years the company would grow and expand, what was once known as “Aydo City Delivery” eventually became “Aydo Amalgamated Industries” after a merger with Seahorse Fisheries, which was based out of Neo Taurii on Kampos. After acquiring multiple subsidiaries and having greater expansions, the company would transform into the corporation we now know as “AydoCorp”, serving many clients throughout human and even alien space. The corporation as a whole provides shipping and resource consolidation services to its clients, and while the largest clients exist within the Sol-Terra trading sectors, AydoCorp also carries out business within Xi’an and Banu systems and anywhere in-between. Daily operations carried out by the organization include regular shipments of cargo transported on behalf of companies that either do not have the time or resources to do so, or simply wish to have expanded services by contracting out to the corporation. The safe transportation of goods is ensured by AIC’s main security contractor, Rogue Squadron, with onboard security being a baseline requirement on all large shipments, with particularly valuable commodities being escorted by top-of-the-line fighter craft. Though shipping is one of the main focuses of the corporation, it certainly is not the only operation it carries out. Another main function that is contracted out to AIC is resource consolidation, which simply refers to other companies delegating the supervision of some or even all their operations over to the corporation so that they have better cohesion and efficiency. In addition, AIC also retains a modest but superb transportation division that caters to the safe and speedy transport of all AIC staff as well as the employees of its clients. Private charters are also available upon request, with transportation also being provided to unaffiliated civilians on cargo vessels on a first-come-first-served basis. AIC’s various subsidiaries provide a wide-range of other services, please refer to our brochure for more information on them.



