Rank Hierarchy:

N/A. PROSPECTIVE HIRE Someone potentially interested in joining. Required to be around for at least two weeks before becoming an actual member, but this period can be longer in case one needs more time to make the decision. There are no requirements other than a good temperament and being 18+ years of age to join! 

INTERN

The first real rank, an intern signifies becoming a fully-fledged member of AydoCorp. As this is a transitional rank, we encourage interns to move up to the next rank within two weeks of joining or at least as soon as they are able. 1.5. FREELANCER Someone who has freelancer status is one that’s been an intern for more than a month or so but hasn’t yet made the proper steps to become an employee. We encourage members to not hold this rank, but we understand that IRL circumstances may make that difficult. Org leadership will move interns to this rank at their discretion if it’s been viewed that one has been an intern for an overly long period. 

EMPLOYEE

Becoming an employee means proving that one knows the basics of how to play the game and thus know how to handle oneself in addition to becoming a member of a subsidiary. 

SENIOR EMPLOYEE

This rank is for employees who have attained the 4th rank in any given subsidiary, and/or have been employees for more than 2 years (whichever comes first). These employees have shown themselves both competent in their chosen area of gameplay, as well as showing a great amount of activity and/or seniority within the organization. Those at this stage are seasoned members and trusted with more responsibilities during operations. 

SUPERVISOR

Being the last ‘standard’ rank, this is a fusion between normal membership and leadership. To get this promotion, a Senior Employee must achieve the 5th rank in a subsidiary. Supervisors are given the ability to lead small groups of members during operations; this authority does not carry over outside of operations unless otherwise specified. A member achieving this promotion does not need to open themselves up to be a leader if they do not wish to, but they are always given the option if they decide later on that they would like to be more active and involved in things. 

MANAGER

The first ‘true’ leadership rank, managers are members that show more commitment than on average as a baseline for even being considered. Managers support subsidiary directors in running things, which can include being given a specific role to play or at the very least help share the burden of leadership in a more general capacity. This position requires one to achieve the 7th rank in a subsidiary. In addition, a manager needs to have been a member for a minimum of six months before being able to be considered. Those of this rank hold minimal moderation capabilities on the server, but regardless are representatives of leadership and as such should be listened to. 

DIRECTOR

One of the most pivotal positions in the organization, directors are directly appointed and approved by the board to run subsidiaries and a small number of alternative roles. Ranks of supervisor and up are allowed to apply for a directorship, but being a manager is preferred with a minimum of 6 months previous membership required to even be considered. Directors are the go-to for all subsidiary-related concerns, and they are the ones that members will be interacting with the most for activities and events. Those of this rank also hold higher levels of moderation abilities than managers. 

BOARD MEMBER

As the highest position in the org, board members hold full admin privileges and hold immense responsibility to AydoCorp. The CEO has the wherewithal to appoint a member for consideration, with a unanimous vote being needed by the rest of board members for acceptance. Board members are directly involved in the inner workings of the organization and commit a great deal of time and energy in how things are run. This position requires a lot of personal time spent in crafting the organization to its fullest potential and should not be entered into lightly.



