What are our subsidiaries?

Put simply, the subsidiaries at AydoCorp are subsets of the organization designed to cater to a specific kind of gameplay loop/career. Currently there are two, with future subsidiaries planned to accommodate later growth. Our goal with subsidiaries is to always keep the feeling of having a tight-knit community even as the organization gets bigger; being a part of a subsidiary means you get to focus on the gameplay that you enjoy most while having value within a smaller group of members, all while still having the support of AydoCorp at large. While as an intern you will have the time to figure out where you would like to be placed, since part of becoming an employee means joining one of them. In light of that, included further on are descriptions of the subsidiaries to help you in making the choice… but, if you need more guidance feel free to ask any director and they can assist you!

Joining a subsidiary does NOT mean that you can’t participate with members of the other two, nor does it mean that you cannot engage in other gameplay loops. Being an employee of a subsidiary means you are a part of their “family”, and you have the ability to train and rank up with them as you progress in the organization; but, if other subsidiaries have events themed around the gameplay loop they center around, any members from the other two can join in. The main incentive to being part of a specific subsidiary is being part of the culture they provide, and having priority consideration for filling roles in an operation - this means that, for example, if AydoExpress conducted a hauling activity then the pilot and cargo-handlers would be first filled by AydoExpress members; if at that time there are any open slots available, they will be able to be filled by those outside of the subsidiary.

Like stated previously, entering into a subsidiary means you get to be a part of the culture that they have that is based around the specific gameplay niche that they practice. Members of that subsidiary are more likely to engage in that niche the most, and thus you are surrounded by members that are like-minded in the gameplay that they enjoy. While we have a light amount of general organizational ranks, you can also earn your way through the ranks of subsidiaries as well! To do so, you will be able to participate in training and certification sessions to become more knowledgeable in a specific gameplay specialization, as well as engage in routine subsidiary events that engage in specific gameplay of their niche.

The benefit of moving through the ranks is that members will receive increasing amounts of rewards (credits, items, vehicles, etc.), which will be more than what one could get for participating if they stayed as an intern or freelancer. Employees make significantly more than interns, so if you’d like to be better rewarded for your participation with the organization then that could be a good incentive to join a subsidiary. As the game progresses, there will be more benefits added to being an employee, as well as different perks for each rank; currently the game does not support as many options as we would like, but keep in mind that seniority within a subsidiary can also open the way for leadership opportunities as well!

[11:26 AM]

Subsidiary Listings:

AydoExpress:

The bread and butter of the organization, AydoExpress deals with cargo hauling and personnel transport. Gameplay offered are things like trading, deliveries, transport, and really just hauling anything in general that the organization needs. As the game gets more complex, this gameplay will become more and more important, with it also being more engaging and purposeful. To keep the organization working smoothly we will need the help of everyone in AydoExpress, without them there would be no movement of people and resources and operations would be at a halt. Another thing to keep in consideration is that this subsidiary is meant to be the face of the organization as it conducts the lion’s share of external services to other organizations and individual players, whereas the others are almost purely internal services. This does not make the other subsidiaries any less important, as none of the subsidiaries could survive without each other; however, if you enjoy such logistical gameplay and/or like working behind-the-scenes and knowing that what you do ensures that the organization can keep functioning, then please consider AydoExpress! If you’d like to know more, please contact the current interim director, @UdonMan, for more information! 

Empyrion Industries:

Keeping the coffers full, Empyrion Industries deals with industrial gameplay to sustain the organization with resources and a great deal of profits. Gameplay offered are things like mining and salvaging operations, as well as refueling. The operations that this subsidiary carries out are meant to help drive the greatest amount of income for the organization, in addition to providing the resources for the rest of the subsidiaries to take advantage of. When things like refining, full manual repair, engineering, and more come to the game there will be many more endeavors to be a part of with this subsidiary. If you’d like to know more, please contact the current interim director, @UdonMan, for more information!



