OUTLINE


   1. Home page:
      1. Tabs:
         1. About Us
         2. Our Services
         3. Employee Portal
         4. Contact
         5. Sign-in
      2. Background:
         1. High quality image giving off ‘transportation vibes’
      3. Body:
         1. Logo with the words “AydoCorp” below that, and the full name of “Aydo Intergalactic Corporation” below that. 
         2. Org tagline with the above tabs underneath
      4. Footer:
         1. The standard disclaimer and copyright / legal stuff
         2. A “made by the community” disclaimer to mention we aren’t officially affiliated to CIG


HOME TABS LINKING TO THEIR EQUIVALENT PAGES




1. About Us page:
   1. Contains IRL info about what the org is and what it does, and then goes into the in-game lore of AydoCorp. Below are the headers/taglines with their descriptions:
      1. Background:
         1. Based in the Ellis system on the planet Green, the Aydo Intergalactic Corporation (more commonly referred to as “AydoCorp”) is an amalgamation of not only several companies within the system but also containing subsidiaries in a multitude of other systems. Aptly named due to its headquarters located in the city of Aydo, the corporation had its humble beginnings as a small one-man delivery company run by none other than the current CEO, Christoff Revan. Over the years the company would grow and expand, what was once known as “Aydo City Delivery” eventually became “Aydo Amalgamated Industries” after a merger with Seahorse Fisheries, based out of Neo Taurii on Kampos. After acquiring multiple subsidiaries and having greater expansions, the company would transform into the corporation we now know as “AydoCorp”, serving many clients throughout human and alien space.
      2. Our Members:
         1. While the in-game lore may be all very fine and well, it is the players of the very real organization that matter the most. Some communities, not just in this game but ANY game, end up devolving into incoherency and tedium due to inflexible management, as well as the pure burn-out of the members. Here in this organization we want to deviate from this as best as we can, and in doing so create a positive, beneficial environment for all members. At the end of the day, this IS a videogame and a form of entertainment, so while it is great to create events and structure, we don’t want members to feel overly stifled. However, what we have found is that some form of direction and leadership, and in that sense a form of control, is also necessary to create a focused goal for people to follow. Without this control and planning everything would fall apart, and that’s where the org comes in: AydoCorp is there to bring people together for a similar goal, a love for video-gaming in general but also a love for science-fiction and a desire for more complex, meaningful gameplay. Star Citizen really scratches that itch for most of us, and as the CEO always says, “it’s better to play together”.
      3. Our Focus:
         1. As AydoCorp’s focus is on logistics, most of our members will generally gravitate to such activities that relate to that. That being said, the game is still many years away from being at a released, or even beta, state; there’s a lot of gameplay mechanics that just aren’t in the game yet and as such don’t allow us to fully pursue the logistics gameplay loop. As such, until the game is fleshed out enough to where we can reliably and effectively conduct logistical gameplay in a tangible, meaningful way, we encourage all sorts of gameplay for our members. So, even if you aren’t necessarily enthused about logistics and enjoy things like combative gameplay, racing, or anything else then the org can still be a good fit for you! While we are a casual org, we still provide options for structured gameplay, and even have our own racing team, so if you’re interested in being part of a group of people that are focused and know what they’re doing then we can certainly offer that.
1. Our Services page:
   1. Has info on the various services that we offer, linking to a survey form that they fill out to request said services - Link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSekyn2ZhdU9czvQrcLSpo1b0wIzRX__DxLFk89L4Y0NZ8FiwQ/viewform?usp=header
      1. If you are an organization or individual seeking logistics services, then you’re in luck! We provide various options and are willing to cater to specific needs of our clients. Services on offer are as follows:
         1. Hauling & Cargo Management
            1. Need some boxes moved? Can’t for the life of you manage the mess in your warehouse? Don’t fret! Our hauling and cargo management technicians are on the job providing you with the know-how and manpower to deal with your cargo needs.
         2. Personnel Transport
            1. Do you or your constituents need to get somewhere but you don’t want to fly yourself? Rest assured, we have you covered! Our pilots will ensure you’re able to get to your desired destination safely and speedily. 
         3. Item & Resource Requisition
            1. Can’t find that item you’ve been looking ages for? Need a large number of resources but don’t have the time or energy to do so? That’s where we step in! Our sourcing specialists are out there scouring the stars in search of exactly what you need, with our industrial subsidiary providing other resources needed in bulk.
         4. Towing
            1. Got yourself stuck adrift? Or, perhaps you’ve found salvaged ships that you’d like moved elsewhere? Well, our people will give you a lift, literally! Anything you need moved, we are able to provide you with safe and speedy transport to the location of your choice.
         5. Inter-org Operation/Event
            1. Wanting to arrange a cooperative event or activity and want extra manpower for? We’re always willing to work with other orgs and engage in fun times meeting new people and engaging in endeavors we may not have been able to do alone!
      2. If any of the aforementioned services are appealing to you, please fill out our short and simple order form where you can start the process of becoming our client, whether for this one time or continued future business.
      3. Link to form: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSekyn2ZhdU9czvQrcLSpo1b0wIzRX__DxLFk89L4Y0NZ8FiwQ/viewform?usp=header
2. Employee Portal page:
   1. Requires users to be signed-in (will need some way to verify users as we do NOT want randoms making accounts; on that note, I’ve seen some orgs have some sort of automated bot or something that they have users edit their RSI page and put a code there, and then that bot or whatever uses that code to confirm that the user owns that RSI account and is legit…not sure how hard this is to do, but would be nice)
   2. Contains sub-tabs as follows:
      1. Portal home:
         1. Header:
            1. “Welcome Back [user]!”
         2. Body:
            1. Contains sub-tabs on the side
            2. Picture carousel below the ‘welcome back’ message containing pictures from org gatherings
            3. Two blocks / sections underneath splitting up the rest of the page:
               1. “Upcoming Events” section that has a calendar listing them as such. Would be nice if the calendar could be viewed on that page but also be clicked on for a pop-up to make it bigger. Events colored blue = multi-purpose / general (like Friday nights); yellow = AyoExpress; orange = Empyrion Industries.
               2. “Announcements” section that contains a statement of important info we want members to know. 
                  1. Would be cool if maybe this section could also have an “employee of the month” congratulating a member with their username and a quick mention of what they did that deserved such merit.
      2. Portal Sub-tabs* on the left or between carousel and event/announcement blocks (with all the info needed to be contained, all these sub-tabs are probably going to need to be full-on pages with their own tabs and not just small pop-ups; by tabs I mean more like where you can select each tab but it’ll change the page dynamically, like a drop-down):
         1. Corporate Archives
            1. Corporate History (more detailed than the bit that’s in the “About Us” section)
            2. Hierarchy Chart[a]
               1. Contains a top to bottom column of our general org ranks (Board of Executives, Director, Manager, Supervisor, Senior Employee, Employee, Intern/Freelancer)
               2. Also contains similar column with subsidiary ranks:
                  1. AydoExpress: Director, Sub-Director, Overseer, Loadmaster, Senior Service Agent, Service Agent, Associate, Trainee
                  2. Empyrion Industries: Director, Sub-Director, Overseer, Specialist, Senior Technician, Technician, Journeyman, Apprentice
               3.  Contains a tree of current leadership with their title and then RSI username below (maybe could use in-universe names and then usernames below, but I don’t know anyone’s apart from IDays being “Ike Days”, mine is Christoff Revan, and Kaibo’s is “Kaibo Zaiber)
                  1. CEO (UdonMan) on top, with board members connected underneath in a row: CSO (DasBlueEyedDevil) - COO (Kaibo_Z) - CTO (IDays)
                  2. Connecting below are two spots labeled “AydoExpress Director (TBD)” and “Empyrion Industries Director (TBD)” connecting to Kaibo
                  3. Connecting below AE is “Manager (Delta_Dart_42)” and “Manager (MR-GR33N)”
                  4. Connecting below EI is “Manager (ArcZeroNine)” and “Manager (RamboSteph)”
               4. Perhaps clicking on the ranks in the tree could show the payscale/wage per hour? Tentative wages as follows:
                  1. Intern/Freelancer: 48k
                  2. Employee: 80k
                  3. Senior Employee: 100k
                  4. Supervisor: 120k
                  5. Manager: 150k
                  6. Director: 200k
                  7. Board Member: 350k
                  8. Subsidiary rank payments (additive to base pay, each sub has 8 ranks):
                     1. 1. +10k
                     2. 2. +25k
                     3. 3. +40k
                     4. 4. +55k
                     5. 5. +70k
                     6. 6. +85k
                     7. 7. +100k
                     8. 8. +115k
            3. Subsidiaries:
               1. Has tab for AydoExpress and tab for Empyrion Industries info and whatnot
            4. Resources
               1. Useful links, docs, and whatnot, like here: https://discord.com/channels/946161520918822962/985703804488007710/1102000292783980584
         2. Promotional Pathway
            1. Training Guides
               1. We still need to make these lol
            2. Certifications
               1. Certs brainstorming
         3. Employee Database
            1. Basically account management, maybe some pseudo-RP stuff like making your in-verse character by having an option for an in-game name, what system and planet you’re from, etc. Would be nice if it was possible to see other members profiles too, not sure how complicated that would be. 
            2. NOTE: It would be great for us board members to have the ability to add certs icons to people’s profile; having visible profiles people can all see in some sort of list would be immensely useful to us, not just showing certs but also ranks and their subsidiary. Having an easy toggle for admin access would be nice and make the website more practical. It’s either that, or an ugly spreadsheet link which I’d rather avoid
3. Contact page:
   1. Contains the aydocorp@gmail.com email for people to reach us (preferably with them being able to send a message without needing their own email), as well as a link to our Discord server and RSI page.
4. Join Us page:
   1. Contains a basic overview of what to expect as a new member and the things on offer:
      1. Thank you for showing interest in membership! We’re always open to new applicants seeking logistics gameplay, and while it may not be the flashiest it certainly is one of the most important and cornerstone gameplay options available! 

What is logistics gameplay you may ask? Well, it essentially encompasses a few gameplay loops, that of being the following: hauling, transport, and item requisition / trading. While currently most individuals and orgs like to do such gameplay by themselves and in-house, we expect that the game CIG is creating will eventually lead to players not being able to do everything and instead require focusing more so on the niche gameplay they actually enjoy while using the services…either directly or indirectly…of others focusing on their own preferred niches. Thus, we hope to fill the logistics needs of players in the future to allow them to focus on the gameplay they enjoy the most while we ourselves get to focus on the gameplay we enjoy…logistics!

We may be small, but our 3+ years have taught us that gradual growth with decent, friendly people is much more important than ballooning in size rapidly with all of the problems that such a thing can bring; even as we get bigger, we hope to retain the feeling of a tight-knit and helpful community. If you would like to be a part of that, please check out our RSI page to find out more, or more preferably our Discord server where we are always happy to answer any questions you might have as well as giving you the ability to see how we are directly. Hope to see you there!
   2. Has link to our Discord and RSI page
   1. RSI: Aydo Intergalactic Corporation [AYDOCORP] - Organizations - Roberts Space Industries
   2. Discord: https://discord.gg/aydocorp


[a]Would be nice for such charts / columns / trees / whatever be graphics. I don't have the skill or energy to do those, maybe Kaibo can take over on that?